Hey !!! I have recently started exploring coding and development, and I love it. Making apps/ websites excites me a lot, though i am a complete beginner. I would absolutely love to be a part of Stanford's Treehack hackathon as I believe I can learn a lot more by being with the talented people that I may meet at the hackathon, and get a thoroughly enjoyable and exciting experience at the event. Till the contest starts in february, I surely will work a lot as a beginner and give my all at the hackathon. But I also understand the limitations for Stanford in admitting only 150 students from abroad, I would respect your decision should you decide to pick another worthier candidate, but as from my side, I assure you I will make no less than 101% use of this opportunity!

As I only started coding, I have not had a project in that field.
But I surely have done quite a few things in the areas that I am passionate about!

# I, along with a group of my schoolmates had participated in the NASA SPACE SETTLEMENT CONTEST, where we prepared a project named SPACE THE REDEEMER, which cleared 2 rounds of evaluation. We were very passionate about cosmology and orbital mechanics, and hence decided to participate in the prestigious contest. We were given a situation in which all resources/crops/fossil fuels, etc had exhausted, and we needed to design a hub/space settlement where we can make a colony to survive temporarily there. We described everything in detail (food/resources/people/storage/location at Lagrange Point L4/constructing part by part at a moon base) after preparing for months.
 
It was a most thrilling experience!! ( Hope to have it again at treehack :) )


The only thing that I consider before doing or participating in any activity is firstly, my passion for that activity. Secondly, I would always like to make sure that the work or activity only has more growth to offer to me, and that my efforts should not be fruitless. Also I would always prefer working with smarter people than me so that I am always raising the bar for myself. At the end if I am participating  in any activity with a group, then I always would make sure that my involvement has provided a lot of value to the work. Thus participation in anything is meaningful to me only if I give my all to it.

Now after some research, I find that all factors that matter to me or that I desire in a contest are present in Stanford's Treehack, and hence I am applying for it :)



Well apart from learning to code, I like to Doodle a lot! Also, i love playing Cricket (
Its like baseball, and english sport), of which , I am a State Champion. Apart from these, I spend my free time reading novels (Potterhead!) , like Dan brown's series.


I have described myself to the best in above sections, and would only request you to review my form, and let me a chance to participate.
Since I am a beginner in coding, to show my aptitude, I would like to share to you the results of IIT JEE ADVANCED entrance examinations and Bitsat exams via my resume, wherein I have secured AllIndiaRank 1420 and 48 among more than 11 lakh participants.
I also am sharing my Hackerrank Profile where I got gold 5 star badges in Python and C++ in the past few days that I started exploring them.


Potterhead, Cricket-enthusiast, Coding wiz.